hello I am chef Diane DiMeo
welcome to bootleg tips today we are
making something super sexy we're making
a martini that you could move anybody on
a date night or just happened by
yourself so you can loosen up before you
start cooking for a day what do I need
to make a martini
DeMeo style I use Grey Goose wipes I
love Grey Goose I've got my Goya green
olives I have my extra dry vermouth made
by martini and if you'd like you can add
a little bit of sriracha into it to give
some kick ass and burn alright so got my
shaker because martinis should be shaken
not stirred in my mind and I get my ice
about well that's about a 2 ounce
martini glass and we're gonna go with a
ok 2 ounces let's touch skosh of dry
vermouth and we're gonna add a little
bit of olive juice because we like to
extra dirty there we go maybe a little
extra extra dirty okay and it goes and
shake it not start way to do it like at
the bars
and wait into the glass we go and now
we're gonna add some of our olives into
that I like a lot of olives so we're
gonna go with maybe six or so and then
we drink it proper way to drink a
martini gather your senses get into it
and take it yes Grey Goose extra dirty
extra dry super delicious olive martini
the best and if you want to spice up
your martini at like your life huh a
little bit of sriracha to that bad boy I
like it spicy in my dirty martini okay
get a little stir Chancellor
- that is an extra dirty extra spicy
Grey Goose martini and I will see you
next time with another bootleg - ciao
hello I'm chef Diane DiMeo and today's
date night recipe I'm going to make a
po-boy with some fried crab cakes and
deep fried oysters and yes